Update Object Storage - Create Bucket - Bucket Name (#7507)
ovh/docs: pages/storage_and_backup/object_storage/s3_create_bucket/guide.en-gb.md

![Encryption](images/object_storage-bucke_creation_step6.png)

Finally, name your bucket:
> [!primary]
>

> > Buckets' names are global. It's not possible to give the same name to two different buckets within the OVHcloud regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Buckets' names are global. It's not possible to give the same name to two different buckets across all the OVHcloud regions.
```
